docs: add a section for the `-compress` flag (#22169)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

| `solaris`, `termux`            |                  |                               | `js_node`, `js_browser`, `js_freestanding`    |
| `serenity`, `vinix`, `plan9`   |                  |                               | `interpreter`, `es5`, `profile`, `wasm32`     |
|                                |                  |                               | `wasm32_emscripten`, `wasm32_wasi`            |

> |                                |                  |                               | `native`, `autofree`, `compress`              |

Reviewer: `compress` is not a builtin option name, i.e. you can not do `$if compress {` .
Imho revert this change.

Author: done

- When distributing the software to users with potentially older CPUs.

#### `-compress`

This flag executes `upx` to compress the resultant executable,
reducing its size by around 50%-70%.

**When to Use**

> - For really tiny envs that the size it's a first, but at runtime everything will run as
> if it had no compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For really tiny environments, where the size of the executable on the file system, or when deploying is important. The executable will be uncompressed at runtime, so it will take a bit more time to start.
```

**When to Avoid**

> - When you need to debug the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you need to debug the application, or when your app's startup time
is extremely important (where 1-2ms can be meaningful for you).
```
